U/sirisha UI view set easy (#490)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-device-lifecycle-mgmt: docs/dev/dev_environment.md

The [Invoke](http://www.pyinvoke.org/) library is used to provide some helper commands based on the environment. There are a few configuration parameters which can be passed to Invoke to override the default configuration:

> - `nautobot_ver`: the version of Nautobot to use as a base for any built docker containers (default: 2.0.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nautobot_ver`: the version of Nautobot to use as a base for any built docker containers (default: 2.4.16)
```

  markdownlint     Run pymarkdown linting.
  tests            Run all tests for this app.

>   unittest         Run Django unit tests for the app.

Reviewer: revert

For more details about Poetry and its commands please check out its [online documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/).

> 

Reviewer: revert

#14 exporting layers
#14 exporting layers 1.2s done
#14 writing image sha256:2d524bc1665327faa0d34001b0a9d2ccf450612bf8feeb969312e96a2d3e3503 done

> #14 naming to docker.io/nautobot-device-lifecycle-mgmt/nautobot:2.0.0-py3.11 done

Reviewer: revert

Let's say for example you want the new app you're creating to integrate into Slack. To do this, you will want to integrate into the existing Nautobot ChatOps App.

```bash

> ➜ poetry shell

Reviewer: revert
